When fine calibration data is provided as a file, just copy the file (#1576)
mne-tools/mne-bids: doc/whats_new.rst

- Improve :func:`mne_bids.read_raw_bids` handling when ``electrodes.tsv`` exists without ``coordsystem.json``: keep strict failure for iEEG, and for EEG/MEG emit a warning and continue without applying a montage, by `Bruno Aristimunha`_
- Allow ``task=None`` in :func:`mne_bids.read_raw_bids` for BIDS paths without a task entity (e.g. datasets that omit task in the path), by `Aman Jaiswal`_
- Fix :func:`mne_bids.read_raw_bids` and related read paths failing with ``PermissionError`` on datalad/git-annex datasets by keeping the file lock next to the symlink instead of its (read-only) target, and gracefully continuing without a lock when one cannot be created, by `Bruno Aristimunha`_ (:gh:`1569`)

> - Fix :func:`mne_bids.write_meg_calibration` modifying the contents of the file, by `Marijn van Vliet`_ (:gh:`1576`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avoid modifying calibration files by making :func:`mne_bids.write_meg_calibration` copy instead of parsing and rewriting, by `Marijn van Vliet`_ (:gh:`1576`)
```
